# AddressBook

# AddressBook

This is mearnt to be a prototype/basic phonebook app using java.
Techologies/Tools: Java2SE, Java Web/JSP/Servelets
App Server: Tomcat 6.0
Database Server: mysql/phpmyadmin

Features:
As a result of time factor-I mean I have lots of engagement in the office where I NEEED to justify my pay, I did not have time to put alot of features here. As of the moment a user can do the following:
(1) SignUp to use the phonebook app
(2)Login if already sign up, note the capture image is not yet authenticated-no time for it too-, though it is generated by a servlet
(3) Add an address/phone book data to database: Note-I planned to manipulate and use it with ArrayList-before saving to to DB for better performace, but because of time, could not continue
(4) Their is also a statement management feature with Servlet Http Session.

Things that where not done:
(1)I couldn't complete display of the user's registered phonebooks and their details
(2)Delete and Search where not implemented-these are part of AddressBook App
(3)Multiple phone numbers and email addresses were not also accounted for.
NB: There was no time for the above since I had to work for my current employer and we did not have light(moreover I was not around too) during this last weekend.

Note:
(1) The index.jsp UI is not professionally designed and re-touched, also time.
(2) The app is also supposed to have a Listener class, robust loggings, trigger/store procedure,
(3)In real life it should and can also use hibernate framework, spring MVC, etc. for robustness,scalabiltiy, etc.
(4) The app connection pool could also be optimized for production purposes.
(5)etc.
